This Sample Agreement for Future Labor Tokens (SAFTL) is a binding agreement between Alice and Bob, whose full contact information is listed at the footer of this Agreement.

This Agreement is signed and executed by both Alice and Bob signing this text with their Ethereum wallets and sending each other the signed text.

     1  The Services. Bob shall provide Alice with the services specified in Annex A, according to the timeline specified therein, and according to the milestones there. Acceptance of any work shall be made according to the acceptance tests specified in Annex A. All relating to the Token as defined in Annex C. 
     2  Payment: In consideration of his services under this Agreement, Alice shall pay Bob the compensation, as stated in Annex B. The Payment for the Bob’s services under this section shall be the sole and exclusive payment for the services and the assignment of intellectual property and Bob shall receive no additional payment save for the specified payment. Bob shall bear its own taxes relating to this payment. If the payment includes equity compensation, then Bob acknowledges that such compensation may be subject to additional restrictions.
     3  Risks. Bob acknowledges that the project may not be launched, and that a Token Generating Event might not occur, and assumes all risks related to any interest rates, exchange rates, delays or failure to execute the Token Generating Event. Bob acknowledges that he is familiar with the field in which Alice operates and knows that the success of the Token Generating Event is not only subject to Alice’s activities but also to third parties and waives any claim on the merchantibility of the Payment, if made with the Tokens, as defined in Annex C.
     4  Copyright and Intellectual Property: 
         4.1  For Type A Deliverables: For this Agreement, Type A Deliverables shall mean: (i) software and/or manuals and/or any other images, models, programs, text and/or other content with is protected under intellectual property laws, designed and developed by the Bob specifically for the purpose of the Services to Alice; (ii) Software and/or manuals and/or any other images, models, programs, text and/or other content with is protected under intellectual property laws, designed and developed by Bob which result and/or include Alice's Confidential Information and/or Intellectual Property.
             4.1.1  Assignment Of Copyright: For Type A Deliverables, Bob acknowledges that the Type A Deliverables are considered “work-for-hire” and hereby waives all intellectual property rights in all and any products of his work including copyrights, patents, trademarks, trade secrets. The title, copyright and ownership of any result or product of Type A Deliverables shall be held by Alice, and apart from the payment according to clause 2, Bob shall not be entitled to any royalties, payments, credit or other compensation. 
             4.1.2  Assignment: Bob shall assist Alice in assigning any Type A Deliverables and shall sign all relevant releases, forms, requests or documents in order to allow Alice to protect its intellectual property.
         4.2  Type B Deliverables: For this Agreement, Type B Deliverables shall mean: (i) any software and/or manuals and/or any other images, models, programs, text and/or other content with is protected under intellectual property laws, designed and developed independently by Bob, and which are used in providing his Services to Alice; (ii) any software and/or manuals and/or any other images, models, programs, text and/or other content with is protected under intellectual property laws, developed by Bob based on 3rd party software licensed to Bob and/or Alice under an Open Source License, as defined by the Open Source Initiative, or under any other license which allows Bob, under certain terms, to convey the software and/or manuals to Alice.
             4.2.1  Inclusion: Bob shall not include any Type B Deliverables without the Alice’s prior written consent.
             4.2.2  License: For Type B Deliverables, Bob hereby licenses the Alice a non-exclusive license to use, distribute, sublicense and/or create derivative works, without the requirement to attribute Bob. Notwithstanding, where Type B Deliverables were licensed under an Open Source License, the applicable license shall apply.
         4.3  Warrants: Bob warrants and acknowledges that any Deliverables used when performing his services are either owned by him or licensed by the specific and relevant licenses it provided the Alice. Bob acknowledges the importance of such warrant and warrants, moreover, to indemnify Alice for any damage which shall be caused had he breached this warrant.
     5  Confidentiality, Non Disclosure: Alice is willing to disclose Confidential Information to Bob on the condition that it is used solely in relation of this Agreement; Bob agrees to maintain the secrecy of that information and only to use the same for the purposes of this agreement and otherwise subject to the terms and conditions set out in this Agreement. For the purpose of this Agreement, “Confidential Information" shall mean all information divulged by either Alice, in relation to Alice’s business, commercial, economic, financial, operational, technical, administrative, marketing, planning and staff information and data relating to it or to its interests whether in written, oral, pictorial or any other form and all information, data, know-how, formulae, processes, designs, photographs, drawings, specifications, software programs, samples and any other material attributable to or deriving its or their existence from the discussions  between the parties;
         5.1  Non Disclosure: Bob shall not make or use or permit to be used, otherwise than for the purposes of this Agreement or for the purpose of any disclosure permitted by this Agreement, any copies of or notes or memoranda relating to the Confidential Information. All such copies that Bob makes shall be the Alice's property, and be treated as part of Alice’s Confidential Information.
         5.2  Care: Bob shall keep Confidential Information in confidence, and not disclose it or allow it to be disclosed save as permitted by this Agreement and shall at all times keep it secure and protected against unauthorized access, which shall mean exercising reasonable skill and care (and at the very least providing no lesser security measures and degree of care than that which Bob applies to its own Confidential Information).
         5.3  Permission for Disclosure: Bob shall not disclose any of Alice's Confidential Information to any third party without the express prior written consent of the Alice, save that Bob shall be permitted to disclose such of the Alice's Confidential Information as is necessary for this agreement to such of the directors, employees, consultants and authorized representatives  who need to receive or be aware of the Confidential Information solely for the purposes of this agreement and to such of the Bob's lawyers, accountants, bankers and other professional advisers who need to know it for the purpose of advising in relation to this agreement, but shall ensure that all such persons are made aware of and comply with the terms of this Agreement as if the persons mentioned were a party to this Agreement.
         5.4  Enforcement of Obligations: Bob shall, at the request of the Alice and at its own expense, take such reasonable steps as the Alice may require to enforce the obligations of the persons under this agreement including (where necessary) the institution of legal proceedings.
     6  Term: The Term of this Agreement shall be from Effective Date and until finalizing the project according to Annex A.
     7  Involuntary Termination: Either party may terminate this Agreement in the event that the other party (i) became insolvent or otherwise entered into any liquidation process; or (ii) was in breach of any warranty or license grant under this Agreement and such breach was not cured, immediately upon notification; or (iii) was in breach of clause 4 to this Agreement; or (iv) otherwise entered into any arrangement which caused Alice to be unable to enforce its rights under this Agreement.
     8  Miscellaneous:
         8.1  Entire Agreement, Amendment, Waiver: This Agreement represents the entire and complete understandings between Parties. This Agreement shall only be amended or modified in writing, signed by both parties. No waiver or failure to exercise any rights by any party to this agreement shall be constructed as amendment or waiver and shall not create any precedent.
         8.2  Independent Contractors: Parties enter into this Agreement as independent contractors. Nothing in this Agreement shall create employee-employer relations between the parties, a partnership or any other legal structure.
         8.3  Assignment: Alice may transfer its duties and/or obligations under this Agreement provided it provided Bob with a 7-day prior notice.
     9  Conflict Resolution. Any dispute arising from this Agreement shall be brought to arbitration using bitrated.com’s arbitration process, where each party shall deposit the sums in dispute in a multisignature account and where the arbitrator shall be one of the top-50 arbitrators listed. Arbitration fees shall be paid mutually. 


Parties hereby sign this Agreement with their Ethereum wallet, including the Effective Date.
